[Music]
to put it in neutral though you pull on
both hands there's your new tip the
other thing is we're gonna let you drive
it in sport today can you change it like
that and all the whole thing comes on
your dash changes this is your shift
splits between the gears but everything
like Leggett towards you practice it'll
be my videographer I'm fantastic
I like to get the thumbs-up suggest like
I know what I'm doing
[Music]
listen to that engine oh my gosh
Wow Paris Hilton if you want me to take
you for a ride
so you don't have to worry about the
clutch or anything there's no yeah it's
a manual auto
Wow the road-holding on this car it's
like it was glued to the track yet it's
surprisingly light as well
just a sound of the engine it's like you
want to just bottle that up oh my gosh
the brakes intensely powerful
I have no idea how fast I'm doing this
new 42 miles an hour
you can feel the heavy machinery under
your foot like this is a serious piece
of metal
this brings a smile to your face the
whole time
all right I'm powering up here we go
[Music]
take a late apex
like
famous last words
we are not invincible
forgiving
you feel alive I wish I wish you know
they could bottle a little piece of this
up and put it into everyday cause for
everyone to enjoy
Patil wanna hang out
lady pecs and here we go for the power
on baby power Jesus
on the straightaway
oh you almost hit 100 miles an hour
there
I can feel my bank balance training as
the desire to purchase this car
increases
Wow those G's incredible hello when you
try a really dusty falls party's over
now I get to be a passenger probably
throw up an elephant
so let's see how it is in everyday
driving let's just say you were going
out to the supermarket you know you
wanted to pop down to Gelson's and take
articles yeah baby you know you want to
just pick up a little margarita mix in
your LFA why not you can it's very easy
and I could just see Paris you know
stopping off at the local liquor mark
underwear list
paparazzi all over her
you